I present a challenge. Arm day, no
weights. I may not have bulging arms,
but I do know a thing or two about
getting stronger. First exercise, the
tricep push down. Easy, medium, and
hard. Keep the hands somewhat close
together, elbows tucked, and when you
push, think elbow pits forward. Feel it
here, not so much here. Second exercise,
the leg curl. Wait, I thought this was
for upper. This is how you do it. If
you're stiff, and this is how you do it.
If you're flexible, you control the
resistance by pulling away with your
leg. Make it as easy or as hard as you
need it to be. The goal is to feel a
burn. Ooh. Yeah. Ah. Feel the burn. Then
rest. Then you do it again three times
total for both of those exercises. If
you actually do that and you felt the
burn all three times, I promise you're
actually going to be sore after this.
Stay flexy.